PR for SRVKE-1444: Update more information about the channels used for development, non-development, and production environment use in the "Channels and subscriptions" section. (#71529)
openshift/openshift-docs: eventing/channels/serverless-channels.adoc

[id="serverless-channels-implementations"]
== Channel implementation types

> {ServerlessProductName} supports the `InMemoryChannel` and `KafkaChannel` channels implementations. The `InMemoryChannel` channel is recommended for development use only due to its limitations. The `KafkaChannel` channel is used for a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ServerlessProductName} supports the `InMemoryChannel` and `KafkaChannel` channels implementations. The `InMemoryChannel` channel is recommended for development use only due to its limitations. You can use the `KafkaChannel` channel for a production environment.
```

Reviewer: An active voice can be used here - up to you though!

> {ServerlessProductName} supports the `InMemoryChannel` and `KafkaChannel` channels implementations. The `InMemoryChannel` channel is recommended for development use only due to its limitations. The `KafkaChannel` channel is used for a production environment and it can be used for non-development use as well.

Author: In that case, I will remove the mention of non-development.

> {ServerlessProductName} supports the `InMemoryChannel` and `KafkaChannel` channels implementations. The `InMemoryChannel` channel is recommended for development use only due to its limitations. The `KafkaChannel` channel is used for a production environment and it can be used for non-development use as well.

Reviewer 2: Yeah. Looks good now.
